fix: Configuring storage classes (#2626)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-using-storage-classes.adoc

[id="installing-{prod-id-short}-using-storage-classes"]
= Configuring storage classes

> To configure {prod-short} to use a configured infrastructure storage, install {prod-short} using storage classes. This is especially useful when a user wants to bind a persistent volume provided by a non-default provisioner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure {prod-short} to use a configured infrastructure storage, install {prod-short} using storage classes. This is especially useful when you want to bind a persistent volume provided by a non-default provisioner.
```

* {prod-short} does not create persistent volumes in the infrastructure.
* {prod-short} uses persistent volume claims (PVC) to mount persistent volumes.
+

> A user defines a storage class name in the {prod-short} configuration to use the storage classes feature in the {prod-short} PVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a storage class name in the {prod-short} configuration to use the storage classes feature in the {prod-short} PVC.
```

spec:
  devEnvironments:
    storage:

>       perUserStrategyPvcConfig:

Reviewer 2: @tolusha can we add more yaml here? `spec:storage:` I mean to make it clear what part of CR is expected to be updated

Author: Diff confuses, but the whole CR is there:

![screenshot-64b12ece30412d0336828eb1--eclipse-che-docs-pr netlify app-2023 07 17-14_53_19](https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs/assets/1640675/54922c68-e251-4ad0-9eb7-7d8ea9ae1280)
